# mars-rover-kata
Ironhack's first JavaScript exercise


We are sending a Rover to Mars and we need to program its movements so that we can send it commands from Earth. At Ironhack, we’ve been tasked with developing the code for doing so, and we figured this would be a job for the junior developers.

Our Mars Rover is kind of dumb. By that, we mean it can’t move and turn at the same time. This means that if the Rover wants to move to the left, it’s first move must be a turn. Its next move will then be a step forward.



5 obstacles are generated by default, and they're all in random locations. Each time you start the script, it will generate new obstacles. If Rover finds an obstacle it won't be able to move forward (or backward if it's facing Rover's rear)

You can type "obstacle" into the console to figure out their locations.

// Functions:

* turnLeft(rover) -- Turns the Rover to the appropriate direction based off of its current direction (North by default)

* turnRight(rover) -- Turns the Rover to the appropriate direction based off of its current direction (North by default)

* moveForward(rover) -- Moving forward is a function of the Rover’s current direction
 For instance, if the Rover is facing west and moves forward, this would decrease the Rover’s x by 1
 If the Rover is facing north and moves forward, this would decrease the rover’s y by 1
 If the Rover is facing south and moves forward, this would increase the y by 1

* moveBackwards(rover) -- Moving backwards moves the rover back. This is similar to moveForward(rover)

* executeCommands("") -- The variables inside this function shoud be the first letter of either (f)orward, (r)ight, (l)eft, or (b)ackward
 For instance, executeCommands("rflb") would make Rover turn to the right, move forward, turn left and then move backward
